Fellowship of the Ring
Which hobbits did Bilbo particularly dislike?
After learning that Bilbo's ring was indeed the one Ring, how long did Frodo wait to leave the Shire?
Which of these animals belong to Tom Bombadil?
Who at the council of Elrond came to inform Elrond of Gollum's esacpe from their captivity?
Who in the fellowship suggested the idea of going through the Mines of Moria?
Which dwarf attempted to recolonize the Mines of Moria? Hint: he as part of Thorin Okenshield's company.
What was Galadriel's gift to gimli?

The Two Towers
What happened to the ent wives?

The Return of the King 
Which of these titles doesn't apply to Aragon?


How old was Frodo Baggins turning on that same day?
Which relatives of Bilbo were tyring to take Baggend?

Why was Frodo afraid of farmer Maggot
Gimli was the was the son of one of the dwarves in the orgininal compnay. Which dwarf is his father?
Which of these animals belong to Tom Bombadil?



What happened to the Ent wives?
Which of the following is not a name/title for Aragon?





Shall we begin, precious?



“Your time will come. You will face the same Evil, and you will defeat it.” – Arwen

"The world is indeed full of peril, and in it there are many dark places; but still there is much that is fair, and though in all lands love is now mingled with grief, it grows perhaps the greater.”  – Haldir

Despair is only for those who see the end beyond all doubt. We do not.” ~ Gandalf
“It’s a dangerous business, Frodo, going out your door. You step onto the road, and if you don’t keep your feet, there’s no knowing where you might be swept off to.” ~ Frodo
“The old world will burn in the fires of industry. The forests will fall. A new order will rise.” ~ Saruman

Best
“You have shown your usual cunning in getting up just in time for a meal.”
"It is no bad thing to celebrate a simple life." — Bilbo Baggins
“All’s well that ends better.” — Hamfast Gamgee


Average
“Faithless is he that says farewell when the road darkens.” – Gimli
Oft hope is born when all is forlorn.” – Legolas
“The wise speak only of what they know.” – Gandalf
“Let him not vow to walk in the dark, who has not seen the nightfall.” – Elrond
The Quest stands upon the edge of a knife. Stray but a little, and it will fail, to the ruin of all. Yet hope remains while the Company is true.” – Galadriel



Bad
'Old fool!' he said. 'Old fool! This is my hour. Do you not know Death when you see it? Die now and curse in vain!' And with that he lifted high his sword and flames ran down the blade.
"Then at last his gaze was held: wall upon wall, battlement upon battlement, black tower of adamant, he saw it: Barad-dûr, Fortress of Sauron. All hope left him."
You can not hide, I see you! There is no life after me. Only death!" — Sauron
Fool of a Took! This is a serious journey, not a hobbit walking-party. Throw yourself in next time, and then you will be no further nuisance!
